EPAS - 11 to 15 release notes (#4050)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/epas/15/epas_rel_notes/epas15_3_0_rel_notes.mdx

---
title: "Version 15.3.0"
---

EDB Postgres Advanced Server 15.3.0 includes the following enhancements and bug fixes:

| Type           | Description                                                                                                                          |  Category              |
| -------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|  --------------------- |
| Upstream merge | Merged with community PostgreSQL 15.3. See the [PostgreSQL 15 Release Notes](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/15/release-15-3.html) for more information.                           |                        |
| Enhancement    | SQL Profiler and Index Advisor are separate extensions and can be download separately from the [EDB Repos](https://repos.enterprisedb.com/). |     |

> | Bug fix        | Profile: Don't dump "PASSWORD EXPIRE AT" when the password status is not expired to avoid marking the user account as expired after an upgrade. |   |

Author: yes

> | Bug fix        | Fix the password profile behavior after the password grace time has changed meanwhile. | |

Author: ok

| Bug fix        | Fix unexpected error for `edb_enable_pruning` parameter. [Support ticket: #89863] |   |
| Bug fix        | Fix `cancel_load()` for interrupted by `Ctrl-c`(SIGINT) in EDB*Loader. [Support ticket: #88734] |  |

> | Bug fix        | Set correct object descriptions for redaction policy to make pg_dump work cleanly with --clean and --if-exists options. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Bug fix        | Fixed an issue where pg_dump wasn't working cleanly with --clean and --if-exists options. Now the object descriptions are correct for the redaction policy. |  |
```

| Bug fix        | Fix pg_dump to dump password verify function for the user profile.  |   |
| Bug fix        | Fix assertion failure while terminating the process within the autonomous transaction. | |
| Bug fix        | Fix memory leakage in anonymous blocks that use cast expressions. [Support ticket: #88816] | |
| Bug fix        | Fix EOF error from newly created dynamic partition when using edb_partition. | |

> | Bug fix        | Don't dump permissions of sequences we are not creating while using pg_dump. [Support ticket: #89466] |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Bug fix        | Fixed an issue whereby pg_dump was dumping permissions of sequences. [Support ticket: #89466] |  |
```
